Adding style! (#20)
fhdsl/ITN_course_search: README.md

- `scripts/query_collection.R`: gathers information (audience, funding, topics, etc.) about ITN courses from their GitHub repos
- `resources/collection.tsv`: where the collection from `query_collection.R` is stored.
- `scripts/format-tables.R`: functions to wrangle course data and format course table
- `index.Rmd`: drives building each course specific html page and the overall course table

> - `chunks/*Rmd` or `chunks/#.md`: chunks that we'll borrow using `ottrpal::borrow_chapter` (from the `base_ottr:dev` container specified in `config_automation.yml`) and fill in {SPECIFIC INFO} for course (following the example of our cheatsheets repo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `chunks/*Rmd` or `chunks/#.md`: chunks that we'll borrow using `ottrpal::borrow_chapter` (from the `base_ottr:dev` container specified in `config_automation.yml`) and fill in {SPECIFIC INFO} for course (following the example of our cheatsheets repo). Because of this approach, a chunk will only inherit specific information if we pass it as a tag replacement. In other words, not every piece of information in each row/about a specific course will be available to the chunks, only the information we specify as a tag replacement).
```

>   - about: `aboutCourse.md` with "{COURSE_DESCRIPTION}", "{COURSE_CATEGORY}", and "{COURSE_LAUNCH}" to be filled in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - about: `aboutCourse.md` with "{COURSE_DESCRIPTION}", "{COURSE_CATEGORY}", and "{COURSE_LAUNCH}" to be provided/replaced
```

>   - LOs: `loCourse.Rmd` with "{LO_SLIDE_LINK}" to be filled in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - LOs: `loCourse.Rmd` with "{LO_SLIDE_LINK}" to be provided/replaced
```

>   - concepts discussed: `conceptsCourse.Rmd`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - concepts discussed: `conceptsCourse.Rmd` with "{CONCEPTS_SLIDE_LINK}" tag to be provided/replaced
```
